Hi everyone. Today is Thursday, April
the 2nd. My name is Anne-Marie Band, and
this is the Money Bowl Morning Report.
Charts by TrendSpider, Gamma Flows by
Mentha Cube, market analytics by Trade
Wave. So, what are we looking at? We've
got
upward flow for 2 days, and then now we
are sitting once again under our pivot.
We've got jagged flow. If we take a look
at the daily chart, we're going to see
that that flow is going to remain
jagged, very likely. Could it be some
sort of sloppy mean reversion to the 200
as it rotates down?
Probably.
Okay? We do have negative market
analytic flow,
and I expect that to continue.
Pretty crummy in terms of
uh
in terms of direction. Okay. So, what
are we staring down here? Where are we?
We are in
Did I say it was the 2nd of April? Yes,
it's the 2nd of April.
We are underneath the anchored view up
of yesterday. We're under the pivot.
Momentum is very negative. It's really
just dragging the floor right here. What
could that mean? Well, it just continues
to dribble down. A lot of times people
like to use this floor in momentum to
predict an upward reversal. That can be
the case.
But, when we've got ourselves under the
and under the view up,
and our momentum is down, we will
usually dribble to the downside. Now,
that being said,
the 50
is above us, but the 200 on the
30-minute chart is below us. It's flat.
And so, this also gives us an
opportunity for a bounce. What else?
was a key level to watch
earlier as resistance.
Now, 6517
or so is that
support floor.
And they're trying to get us back up
over 6560. Take a look at how jagged
this
uh
volume profile is. It's just
atrocious.
That tells us we are going to have
candle wicks
and candles that move up and down, up
and down. So, you want to be very
careful.
Eagle eye where you want to get in. So,
let's suggest
that the eagle eye event here is
the anchored VWAP from 2 days ago and
this
6517.
Where would my stop be? Well, it'd be
under 6500 because that is yesterday's
pivot.
We could also have a floor sitting at
6474.
If I put up our gamma lines,
we can see
also the put wall
sitting down at 6500. The last time we
were sitting down at a put wall, it
bounced very sharply. And that was
down here.
Put wall has moved up. The call wall is
still 6800.
I got to tell you, I this market bounces
or sells.
Bounces or sells. Where is the space
where you want to stop selling? If you
get over the anchored VWAP and you get
over the pivot, and you move from the
blue dotted line that gives us
negative gamma flow below and positive
gamma flow above, and look at how noisy
it is in that pocket. So, be careful. Be
very, very careful. My thought is
bounces are sell zones. Target spaces
for the bounce failure
6600.
If we cannot catch our footing, we will
not get above 6566.
My thought is if you are trying to go
short,
and it breaches 6566,
probably better to wait until it gets
way up here into the 6600 area,
or just turn around and consider long
following the VWAP trying to make
yourself up
into this area. I don't like that
situation. My suspicion would be the
deep dips give me the bounce.
So, I'm going to wait for it. And if I
miss the bounce area,
I'm going to let it stabilize here
before I decide what to do. And the
here, of course, is at 6600.
Man, that took a long time.
Okay.
That's a lot of lines. What are we
looking at here? What are all these
lines?
Let's take them off, then.
So noisy.
All right.
So, what are we staring down here in the
NQ? Let's go to NQ1.
And if we're staring this down,
we should have the same problem.
Sticky bits, noisy, it's much closer to
the 200.
That 200 is 24,576.
The floor,
we're testing it right now. 23,800.
Looks pretty bad.
What have we been doing? Well, for 2
days we were above the pivot. Now we're
below it. Always orient yourself.
Where is price? Price is under the
pivot, under the anchored VWAP, under
the daily VWAP, under the 50, above the
200.
What's it likely looking for?
Support. Where is that support? We can
see on the daily chart this zone near
23,800
is important,
but
not critical in this juncture. My
suspicion would be the number we look
for is 23,600,
which is yesterday's pivot.
We are in negative
structure.
So, the bounces are sales.
Where does the price action take over
and become a little bit more bullish?
Above 24,000,
but again, we're caught in a space that
suggests these bounces are sales. And
so, if you buy this bounce without a
look above and hold,
it's going to be nasty.
Okay?
So, that being said, what do we have
below us? 24,445.
Above us, value area high, 24,324.
Value area low,
23,800
and 70?
880. Okay. So, notice we're above the
closing candlestick of the prior day,
excuse me, below the closing candle of
the prior day. We are below the 6:30
candle. We had this huge 9:30 sell-off,
9:00 to 9:30 sell-off, and then
4:00 a.m. candle, we just lost the floor
with it.
Just lost the floor of the 4:00 a.m.
Same thing on
the ES chart.
Stick with micro Bitcoin.
Not not so hot.
All these charts look really bad.
Let's go to the daily.
Still trying to hold the floor?
That floor is 65, but if it fails,
again, we have a lack of liquidity.
So, if 65 fails, we're back at 60.
And
then
54. That would be next. If it holds, and
there's a fair bit of volume here. So,
if it holds, we could dance back up the
75. We've got very jagged floor. Bounces
are still sell zones as we sit below the
50 and well below the 200. On the
30-minute chart, we're really looking at
the same numbers.
Where are we? Okay, we're below the
pivot.
We're below yesterday's anchored VWAP.
We're below a 50 that's down.
We're below the VWAP that's down. We're
below the 200 that's down. We have
momentum that's very negative. What does
that tell us? Bounces are sells. Where's
the best sell area?
Into the VWAP which sort of corresponds
to value area low this morning, 67,410.
Losing that zone
uh of 66,400
sends us into 65,100.
That's my thought.
I don't believe that we bounce. If we
do, value area high, 68,000,
and then
momentum events could send us to the top
of the box at 69,400.
So far, I'm not enthusiastic about that
actually occurring.
Okay.
All right, very sharp rhetoric last
night.
Uh
this is interesting though.
Negative divergence.
Positive flow, negative divergence. So,
bigger money is positioning away from
the big prices. They're using
these bounces
to get to resistance and exit.
Let's take a look at the 30-minute
chart. I think gamma flows are going to
be very important here.
Indeed.
Let's take a peek at them and let me
remove all these annotations.
So, where are we? Well above the value
area.
Value area low, 9950. Value area high,
10360.
Big breach of a gamma line right there
and
110 is
the call wall.
Mercy.
Yeah. Um
this
this is being run very hot. A lot of
reasons traders are
have to unwind any shorts that they got
in thinking that this was going to be a
really nice area to blue skies.
What you will notice is that the market
is not the inverse of this anymore.
Right? The market is not going straight
down.
The market is dribbling sideways. Let's
use the ES
as a reminder.
It's got a little bit of dribble.
So, we are disconnected from oil. What
we are connected to, my friends,
broken record,
the dollar.
And the dollar is screaming above 100
again.
Tough. It's a very, very tough
oil just zooming all the way to 110. So,
what do we got? We're above the pivot,
above the anchor view up of the prior
day, above the 200, above the 50,
above the view up, above value area
high, above the zero DTE call wall,
which is 105.
What's the storyboard here? It is
zooming to the north. Lots of positive
momentum.
Could it collide into 110? Yes.
You know, I saw some predictions that
say 120.
If we do Fibonacci
on this,
peak to trough,
we see 111,
117, and then 122.
Higher higher oil is here to stay, my
friends. It's very sad, but it is the
case. So, interestingly, this is WTI,
uh West Texas crude,
West Texas intermediate, and um Brent
crude is soaring, Qatari crude soaring.
It's just they're very disconnected. So,
that being said, dips are buys. What's
the first dip? The breakout area of
106.41
or the view up at 104. Could you chase
this? Yes, if you drew a trend line,
and you kept your stop very tight,
you could walk this up into the 110.
Would I do it? Not on this time frame. I
would collapse to a 1-minute
and look for my pullbacks either into my
50 or my 200. That's That's how I would
work this one. And it has been reverting
back to that 50. You can see it.
Definitely, okay?
All right.
Wow.
If for happenstance it fades, 103.54
to that 99.50.
We'll see.
We shall see. Let's go to gold.
Gold
fading, sharp fade, and now testing the
the 200 and trying to bounce off of it.
Now, notice what it's done every time
it's bounced off of this 200,
right? If that 200 had slope,
it reverted to the direction of the
slope.
If it was flat,
it was in the middle of a change. So,
what is it here? This is direction of
the slope. It's got to come back here
and hold it and get above the VWAP for
us to have any good traction. What is
that VWAP? 4664.
The line in the sand.
Probably
support level one at 4692.
The chart is approaching value area high
and trying to stay above it. Value area
high 4624.
Value area low 4522.
Dips are buys in this rotation. Now,
could the price of
the pricing of the dollar sort of change
that?
Potentially. But, what we're seeing is
dips to the 200 and price action trying
to hold it. Let's look at the daily to
be sure. Yep. We're trying to get right
back in
to this pocket of congestion. And that's
outside of value area high on the daily
chart as well.
It's very, very interesting.
Okay.
Where's the go no go line? Gamma flow
turns negative underneath
and we've got a pivot here at 4560.
And so, that's what we'll stare down.
That's That's what we'll stare down.
Yikes.
Yeah, these price actions, they are
they're not they're not friendly.
They're not friendly. Here goes the spy.
We are in another fade.
Dollar continues to rise.
Here's the fade off of the ledge. Where
are we headed?
$642
is value area low
in spy. Value area high 652.
This line is going to be noisy.
Where we're sitting right now in around
the 642
to 647. Excuse me.
Why?
Uh the I could be wiped from 2 days ago.
That's the first one.
Huge gamma line.
A flat 200.
Look at this negative drift.
It told us way over here the price
action was not going to hold.
When you notice this sort of
divergence and you're far away from a
moving average, that's your clear hint
that the price
has a very good likelihood of rotating
down.
So, where we headed?
Value area low, but could it be choppy
getting there? Yes. Very very choppy.
Um sideways action. I wouldn't be
surprised if we walked all the way back
down. Watch your levels.
Those pivots, they work very very
nicely.
You got some good uh
you got some good price action that you
can trade, but you got to be quick.
Notice the wicks.
All right? So, you want to be careful.
It is what it is, folks.
Long-term portfolios better be hedged by
now, but I've been talking about that
for a long time. So,
that being said, here's what we have.
The downward
to sideways action gets resolved on the
fade
of this 645. Look at this. Literally no
volume.
So, it's going to fill that volume
profile in down there at value area low.
All right, folks. That's it for me. Take
care. Boot strap in.
See you on the streams.